1.1.0 docs update (#2013)
Parsl/parsl: docs/devguide/changelog.rst

=========

Parsl 1.1.0
-----------

> Released on April 15th, 2021

Reviewer: wrong

Reviewer 2: addressed

Parsl v1.1.0 includes 59 closed issues and 243 pull requests with contributions (code, tests, reviews and reports) from:

Akila Ravihansa Perera @ravihansa3000, Anna Woodard @annawoodard, @bakerjl, Ben Clifford @benclifford,
Daniel S. Katz @danielskatz, Douglas Thain @dthain, @gerrick, @JG-Quarknet, Joseph Moon @jmoon1506,
Kelly L. Rowland @kellyrowland, Lars Bilke @bilke, Logan Ward @WardLT, Kirill Nagaitsev @Loonride,
Marcus Schwarting @meschw04, Matt Baughman @mattebaughman, Mihael Hategan @hategan, @radiantone,
Rohan Kumar @rohankumar42, Sohit Miglani @sohitmiglani, Tim Shaffer @trshaffer,
Tyler J. Skluzacek @tskluzac, Yadu Nand Babuji @yadudoc, and Zhuozhao Li @ZhuozhaoLi

Deprecated and Removed features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Python 3.5 is no longer supported.

> * Remove almost definitely broken Jetstream provider (#1821)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Almost definitely broken Jetstream provider removed (#1821)
```

New Functionality
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* Allow HTEX to set CPU affinity (#1853)

* New serialization system to replace IPP serialization (#1806)

> * Support python 3.9

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support for Python 3.9
```

> * @join_apps are a variation of @python_apps which an app to launch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* @join_apps are a variation of @python_apps where an app can launch
```

  more apps and then complete only after the launched apps are also
  completed.
    
  These are described more fully in docs/userguide/joins.rst

* Monitoring:
    hub.log is now named monitoring_router.log
    Remove denormalised workflow duration from monitoring db (#1774)
    Remove hostname from status table (#1847)
    Clarify distinction between tasks and tries to run tasks (#1808)

>     Replace `done` state with exec_done and memo_done (#1848)

Reviewer 3: add quotes around? `exec_done` and `memo_done`

>     Replace `done` state with exec_done and memo_done (#1848)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Replace `done` state with `exec_done` and `memo_done` (#1848)
```
